hello we're the animal behavior and
welfare team and we're really delighted
that you'll be spending the next five
weeks with us whilst we understand a
little bit more about animal behavior
and welfare and applications of science
in the real world and I'd like to
introduce you to the team that you'll be
working with over the next five weeks so
i'll start with me I'm professing that
Warren and I'm the director of the gene
Marchak animal welfare Center at the
University of Edinburgh hi everyone my
name is Heather and I'm a veterinary
surgeon here at the University of
Edinburgh is Jan washi international
center for animal welfare education most
of my work is focused overseas where I
work in developing countries primarily
Asia but also Eastern Europe and Africa
we're very fortunate to be able to have
a wealth of experience from around the
world to contribute to some educational
resources that we develop here at
Edinburgh and I hope that you'll find
those useful as we go through the course
I'll be seeing you in week 5 well we'll
be talking about the welfare of wild
animals kept under human care in
captivity my name is dr. fritha Langford
and I'm the program director of our
online master's program in international
animal welfare ethics and law here at
the University of Edinburgh i'm also a
researcher in animal welfare science at
Scotland's rural college and in my week
which is farm animal welfare myself and
my colleagues will be helping you
understand about animal welfare on the
farm hello my name is Hayley and I'm the
welfare and anaesthesia ventre nurse at
the royal dick School of Veterinary
studies here in Edinburgh I divide my
time between anesthesia in the hospital
for small animals and also teaching
overseas in developing countries for the
gem more chic international center for
animal welfare education I will be with
you for the companion animal welfare
chapter where we'll be looking at the
welfare problems facing our pet cats and
dogs and also shelter cats and dogs and
street or stray cats and dogs my name is
dr. Jill Makai and I also work for
Scotland's rural College where I am an
animal behavior and welfare researcher
my research interests include animal
personality which is what I did my PhD
in and I'm also really passionate about
public engagement with science and
really
communicating science as many different
audiences as possible to that end you'll
see me in some of the lectures
particularly when we're talking about
assessing animal welfare but I was also
involved in designing a lot of the
interactive sessions which you'll use
and you'll see me a lot in the forums we
really hope that you enjoy the course
and also that you enjoy meeting some of
the animals that share our lives so I'll
let Hayley and Heather introduce some of
our pets I'm really happy to introduce
my two dogs this is ma fille she is a
street dog from Thailand and she was
seized on the border between Thailand
and allow enroute to Vietnam where she
might be using the meat trade and this
is Matilda Matilda sfrom China a place
where I used to live where i have lots
of experience with animal welfare issues
I'm very glad that they could both join
me here in Edinburgh and I certainly
think that they're enjoying the sunshine
here today and I'd also like to
introduce you to Stuart who you'll see
during my chapter he is from Thailand
like Massey and he was intercepted
between the border of Thailand and Lao
with 3,000 other dogs making his way to
Vietnam to be part of the illegal dog
meat trade and finally I want to
introduce you to Edinburgh look at it
beautiful and you're very lucky that we
found one of the best days to be able to
be up on this hill showing you exactly
why we love this city so much and we
hope that this is going to inspire some
of you to want to come and visit us here
and if you do make sure that you come
and pop by and meet us all in person